[Observability] Update metrics ingest and retention billing dimensions. (#7134)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/cloud-organization/billing/elastic-observability-billing-dimensions.md

Your monthly bill is based on the capabilities you use. When you use {{obs-serverless}}, your bill is calculated based on data volume, which has these components:

> * **Ingest** — Measured by the number of GB of data that you send to your Observability project over the course of a month. Metrics data ingested in TSDS (time series data streams) index mode is priced at 25% of the standard per-GB ingest rate. All other data including logs and traces are priced at the standard rate.

Reviewer: technically, is this "time series index mode"? consider a link as well. small comma nit for readability too

<img width="761" height="211" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/acebeccb-9b92-41ed-a816-170e870af4f4" />

```suggestion
* **Ingest** — Measured by the number of GB of data that you send to your Observability project over the course of a month. Metrics data ingested in [time series index mode](/manage-data/data-store/data-streams/time-series-data-stream-tsds.md) is priced at 25% of the standard per-GB ingest rate. All other data, including logs and traces, are priced at the standard rate.
```

if you wanted to spell it out for some reason you could flip this so it's more of a common acronym pattern, link optional

```suggestion
* **Ingest** — Measured by the number of GB of data that you send to your Observability project over the course of a month. Metrics data ingested in time series data stream (TSDS) index mode is priced at 25% of the standard per-GB ingest rate. All other data, including logs and traces, are priced at the standard rate.
```

> * **Retention** — Measured by the total amount of ingested data stored in your Observability project. Metrics data stored in TSDS index mode is priced at 25% of the standard per-GB retention rate. All other data including logs and traces are priced at the standard rate.

Reviewer: same nits
```suggestion
* **Retention** — Measured by the total amount of ingested data stored in your Observability project. Metrics data stored in time series index mode is priced at 25% of the standard per-GB retention rate. All other data, including logs and traces, are priced at the standard rate.
```
